So after learning about forms in the last module, let's go back to something which we actually have
used to a lot throughout the course but haven't really put focus on, directives.
Directives are these tiny commands starting with a v and then a dash you put on dom elements, like v-bind
or v-on, that are some buit-in directives.
In this module, we'll have a look at some of the built-in directives, though we already know them all pretty
much but then we mostly will have a look at how we could build our own directive if you need such a
low level access to certain dom elements,
normally you would use a component if you want to build parts of the application and make it reactive,
implement your own code but from time to time, you only want to place a tiny command on some html element
to control its behavior.
And that is what we're going to have a look at in this module too.